A distinguished guest arrives today
Idle people are not allowed to enter
fuck off
My father is the personnel manager of Neutral Group
Get out of here
How dare you hit me?
We are ordered by President Guan to guard the gate
If you dare to trespass again
I wouldn't have done it so lightly.
Uncle Jin, I just suddenly remembered today
A distinguished guest is coming
It is said that the wealth will also be cleaned up
So today's words
If not for the staff here
He can't get in either, otherwise we can change
Since Guan Ju is here, such a big shot is coming
It should be stricter.
Why don't we come back another day, hahaha.
Trash, let me tell you, I'll spare you today
I'll tear you down another day
I'm going to crush your face on the ground
You can do it without today.
Do you have to embarrass me here?
Or say
You have to lose my job opportunity to be satisfied
Come back quickly
If you delay your new future
I'll break your leg